#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via aiohttp
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.10
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2022.1.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
future==0.18.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
google-auth==2.5.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
googledrivedownloader==0.4
    # via torch-geometric
grpcio==1.43.0
    # via tensorboard
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.10.1
    # via markdown
isodate==0.6.1
    # via rdflib
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via torch-geometric
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==2.6.3
    # via torch-geometric
numpy==1.22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch-geometric
    #   torchmetrics
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==1.4.0
    # via torch-geometric
protobuf==3.19.3
    # via tensorboard
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pydeprecate==0.3.1
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   packaging
    #   rdflib
    #   torch-geometric
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via pandas
pytorch-lightning==1.5.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch-geometric
    #   yacs
rdflib==6.1.1
    # via torch-geometric
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch-geometric
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via torch-geometric
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   torch-geometric
    #   torch-sparse
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
torch==1.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torch-cluster==1.5.9
    # via -r requirements.in
torch-geometric==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
torch-scatter==2.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
torch-sparse==0.6.12
    # via -r requirements.in
torch-spline-conv==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
torchmetrics==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch-geometric
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via tensorboard
yacs==0.1.8
    # via torch-geometric
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
